Release 1.17.2 (#219)
cdr/docs: changelog/1.17.2.md

---
title: "1.17.2"
description: "Released on 03/30/21"
---

### Breaking Changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.17.2.

### Features ✨

- Workspaces As Code (**WAC**): Workspaces as code (WAC) brings the
  _Infrastructure As Code_ paradigm to Coder environments. WAC allows you to
  define and create new environments using **workspace templates**.
  - web: New page available via **Admin** > **Templates** for creating an
    embeddable quickstart button.
  - web: New options available when clicking **New Environment** from the
    **Environments** page
- web: Added _Cordon_ and _Uncordon_ actions to _Provider_ audit logs

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- infra: Fixes an issue whereby using `coder/configure` to create Dev URLs would
  fail

> - infra: Fixes an issue whereby authenticating with GitLab OIDC may fail if name

Reviewer: The problem is that GitLab's OIDC does not return a name at all, so I would suggest phrasing as

```suggestion
- infra: Fixes an issue authenticating using OpenID Connect Identity Providers (IdPs) that omit name information, such as GitLab. In this case, Coder will use the email address as the user's name.
```
